IMAGING101 Software License Agreement	
January 2003

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THE IMAGING101 SOFTWARE!

The products covered by this license contain computer software executables, documentation and other material, referred to collectively as “Product”, that belong to IMAGING101, INC. (hereinafter referred to as “IMAGING101”).    The use of such Product is subject to this software license agreement (hereinafter referred to as “Agreement”).  By installing these software executables (hereinafter referred to as “Software”), you and the business entity on behalf of which you install and use the software (hereinafter referred to as “Licensee”) do hereby agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement.

If the Licensee does not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, the Licensee may not install or use the software.   In order to receive a refund for this Product,  Licensee may return the software in it’s sealed container, all related manuals, documentation and proof of payment to the place or entity of purchase within forty five (45) days of the purchase date.  In order for this agreement to be valid and enforceable, written approval is not required.

Note:  This Product may include software components for which the Licensee has not purchased Licenses.  The Licensee is only authorized to install and use the portion of the software for which Licensee has purchased and paid License fees for to IMAGING101 either directly or through a licensed representative (hereinafter referred to as “Licensed Software”).    Licensee may not install or use products that are not considered Licensed Software under this agreement.  Installation or use of any Software by Licensee that is not Licensed may be an infringement of the rights of IMAGING101, its Agents and Suppliers which may cause Licensee to be subject to civil and criminal liability.

1. License Grant.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, IMAGING101 grants Licensee a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to install and use the Licensed Software (in object code form) and the documentation and other accompanying items.  Licensee may not sub-license the Product under any circumstances without prior written approval from IMAGING101.  No rights or licenses with respect to the Product are granted other than those rights expressly granted in this Agreement.

2. Permitted Uses.  Licensee may only install and use the Licensed Software for Licensee's internal business requirements and in accordance with the applicable user documentation.  Licensee is only authorized to use the Licensed Software with the number and type of connections, clients and modules that Licensee can demonstrate was authorized in the purchase documentation for the Licensed Software.  The authorized number and type of concurrent connections, clients and modules varies depending upon the amount of license fees paid and may not be changed without the express, prior written authorization of IMAGING101 and payment of the applicable additional license fees.  

Licensee may make one (1) copy of the Licensed Software in object code form for back-up purposes only; provided that Licensee maintains possession of such backup copy.  The backup copy shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Licensee may physically transfer the Licensed Software to another computer subject to the foregoing limitations on authorized connections, clients and modules.  

3. Ownership of Products.  IMAGING101 and its licensors retain all title to and, except as expressly and unambiguously licensed herein, all rights and interest in (i) the Product, all copies and derivative works thereof (by whomever produced), and all related documentation and materials, and (ii) all copyright rights, patent rights, trade secret rights and all other intellectual property and proprietary rights anywhere in the world in the Product.  The Licensed Software is licensed to Licensee and is not sold. 
4. Restrictions and Cooperation.  Licensee shall not (and shall not allow any third party to) (i) decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer or attempt to reconstruct or discover any source code, or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Product (except to the extent expressly permitted under applicable law), (ii) provide, lease, lend, use for timesharing or service bureau purposes or otherwise use or allow others to use the Product to or for the benefit of third parties, (iii) except as specified in the applicable user documentation, modify, incorporate into or with other software or create a derivative work of any part of the Product, (iv) disseminate performance information or analysis from any source relating to the Product; or (v) remove any product identification, copyright notice or other proprietary legend from the Product.  Licensee agrees to cooperate with IMAGING101 and its licensors in connection with their efforts to protect their copyright and other legal rights in the Product.  

IMAGING101 may, from time to time, implement security measures for the Product, and Licensee shall cooperate with such measures and be responsible for installing upgrades that include such measures.  IMAGING101 may also implement measures for storing and retrieving statistics and information that relate to Licensee's use of the Product, and Licensee shall cooperate with such measures.  

5. Software Development Kit.  The following applies only if the Licensed Software includes a software program designated by IMAGING101 as a 'Software Development Kit' (the "SDK").  All of the terms and conditions of this Agreement that apply to Licensed Software apply to Licensee's use of the SDK.  Subject to the foregoing, Licensee may use the SDK to develop applications incidental to, or associated with, Licensee's authorized use of Licensed Software.  Licensee may not use the SDK to (i) duplicate, modify, enhance or develop any derivative work of any portion of the Software, (ii) incorporate or embed any portion of the Software within any development made by Licensee, or (iii) make any development that substantially duplicates the functionality of any portion of the Software.  Subject to IMAGING101's rights in the Product, all developments that are made solely by Licensee using the SDK shall be the property of Licensee.  

The SDK may not be used under any circumstances to access functionality of any Product other than Licensed Software unless a separate License Agreement expressly authorizing such use is first obtained.

6. Further Obligations.  Licensee agrees that it will not make any development using the SDK that incorporates, in whole or in part, any functionality or programming code of any kind in which a third party has any intellectual property rights, unless Licensee has obtained the express consent of such third party to Licensee's use.  Licensee is responsible for all damages and liabilities incurred by IMAGING101 arising, directly or indirectly, out of Licensee's developments made through use of the SDK.  Licensee shall defend, indemnify and hold IMAGING101 harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) arising out of Licensee's breach of its obligations under this Agreement, or an infringement of any third party copyright, patent or trade secret by a development made by Licensee.

7. Term.  This Agreement will become effective on the date Licensee first installs any Licensed Software and will remain in force until terminated.  Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying the Product together with all copies.  This Agreement shall also automatically terminate if Licensee breaches any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement.  Licensee agrees to destroy the original and all adaptations or copies of the Product, or to return them to IMAGING101, immediately upon termination of this Agreement for any reason.

8. Confidentiality.  Licensee acknowledges that the Product contains valuable trade secrets of IMAGING101 and other information proprietary to IMAGING101 and its licensors.  Licensee shall: (i) keep confidential such trade secrets and proprietary information, including without limitation all information concerning ideas and algorithms related to the Product; (ii) disclose such information only to its employees and agents to the extent required to use the Licensed Software under the terms of this Agreement, and (iii) bind its employees, consultants, agents and other third parties in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such trade secrets and proprietary information and not use or disclose such information except as permitted in this Agreement.

9. Limited Warranty and Disclaimer.

9.1 Limited Warranty of Conformity.  IMAGING101 warrants to Licensee for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of installation (the "Warranty Period") that the Licensed Software as delivered will conform substantially to IMAGING101's then current published functional specifications set forth in the documentation for the Licensed Software ("Published Product Specifications"), if the Licensed Software is properly installed on approved computers and operated as contemplated in its documentation.  In the event of any nonconformity, IMAGING101 (or its designee) may, in its sole discretion, either (i) remedy the nonconformity within a reasonable period after notice and verification thereof, or (ii) refund the amount paid by Licensee for the Licensed Software and terminate this Agreement and the license granted herein; provided, however, that Licensee shall return all copies of the Product to IMAGING101 (or its designee) before it shall be entitled to receive any such refund.   This Seciton 9.1 states licensee’s sole remedy for a breach of the limited warranty of the product.

9.2 Disclaimer of Other Warranties.   Except as set forth in Section 9.1, the product is provided “As Is” without any warranty of any kind including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.  IMAGING101 does not warrant that the product is error-free or that it will operate without interruption.  IMAGING101 does not warrant, guarantee or make any representation regarding the use, or the results of the use of the product including, without limitation, the correctness, accuracy or reliability of such use or results.  Licensee acknowledges and agrees that IMAGING101 is not responsible for and will have no liability for hardware, software or other items or any services provided by any persons other than IMAGING101.

10. Limitation of Liability.   Notwithstanding anything else in this agreement, to the maximum extent permitted by law, IMAGING101 will not be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for (a) any amounts in excess in the aggregate of the amounts paid by licensee for the licensed software or (b) any lost data or other special, incidental or consequential damages of any character, including, without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, loss of data, or any and all other commercial damages or losses, even if IMAGING101 has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (c) the cost of procuring substitute goods, services or technology.  The limitation of liability set forth in this Section 10 shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

11. Export.  Licensee represents, warrants and agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export or transmit the Product or any part thereof to any country in which such export, re-export or transmission is restricted by any applicable U.S. regulation or statute, or to Cuba, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Rwanda or Serbia or to any Group D:1 or E:2 country (or any national of such country) specified in the current NOI to Part 740 of the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (or any successor regulations or supplement) without the prior written consent of both IMAGING101 and, if required, of the Bureau of Export Administration of the U.S. Department of Commerce, or such other governmental entity as may have jurisdiction over such export or transmission.

12. Miscellaneous.  A party's failure to exercise, or delay in exercising any rights hereunder will not be deemed to be a waiver of such right.  If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.  This Agreement shall be construed pursuant to the laws of the State of Florida and the United States without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof and without regard to the United Nations Convention on Authority for the International Sale of Goods.  Licensee irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the State of Florida, United States of America, and consents to venue in such forum with respect to any action or proceeding that relates to this Agreement.  

No amendment to or modification of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of IMAGING101.  The provisions of Sections 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 12 shall survive termination of this Agreement.  This Agreement is in the English language only, which language shall be controlling and any revision of this Agreement in any other language shall not be binding.  Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements and communications relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.  

No vendor, distributor, dealer, retailer salesperson or other person is authorized to modify this agreement or to make any warranty, representation or promise which is different than, or in addition to, the representations or promises set forth in this agreement.

